README.md, before:

### Forked from [puzzledqs/BBox-Label-Tool](https://github.com/puzzledqs/BBox-Label-Tool)
## Improvements
1. Add multi-class support 
2. Change some of the color-candidates for better display
3. Fix the 'Example' filepath for convenience
4. Change the image format from '.JPEG' to '.JPG'

## New Usage
### For multi-class task, modify 'class.txt' with your own class-candidates and before labeling bbox, choose the 'Current Class' in the Combobox and make sure you click 'ComfirmClass' button.

### The remaining usage is the same as the origin one.

------------------------------------

**Contact info**: jxgu1016@gmail.com

------------------------------------

BBox-Label-Tool
===============

A simple tool for labeling object bounding boxes in images, implemented with Python Tkinter.

Data Organization
-----------------
LabelTool  
|  
|--main.py   *# source code for the tool*  
|  
|--Images/   *# direcotry containing the images to be labeled*  
|  
|--Labels/   *# direcotry for the labeling results*  
|  
|--Examples/  *# direcotry for the example bboxes*  

Dependency
----------
python 2.7 win 32bit
PIL-1.1.7.win32-py2.7

Startup
-------
$ python main.py

Usage
-----
1. Input a number (e.g, 1, 2, 5...), and click 'Load'. The images along with a few example results will be loaded.
2. To create a new bounding box, left-click to select the first vertex. Moving the mouse to draw a rectangle, and left-click again to select the second vertex.
  - To cancel the bounding box while drawing, just press <Esc>.
  - To delete a existing bounding box, select it from the listbox, and click 'Delete'.
  - To delete all existing bounding boxes in the image, simply click 'ClearAll'.
3. After finishing one image, click 'Next' to advance. Likewise, click 'Prev' to reverse. Or, input the index and click 'Go' to navigate to an arbitrary image.
  - The labeling result will be saved if and only if the 'Next' button is clicked.

Commit message:

Expend the accepted image format and add the resize support for large images

README.md, after:

### Forked from [puzzledqs/BBox-Label-Tool](https://github.com/puzzledqs/BBox-Label-Tool)
## Improvements
1. Add multi-class support 
2. Change some of the color-candidates for better display
3. Fix the 'Example' filepath for convenience
4. Expend the image format to _.jpeg_, _.jpg_ and _.JPG_
5. Add the resize support if the image is too big to be displayed

## New Usage
### For multi-class task, modify 'class.txt' with your own class-candidates and before labeling bbox, choose the 'Current Class' in the Combobox and make sure you click 'ComfirmClass' button.

### The remaining usage is the same as the origin one.

------------------------------------

**Contact info**: jxgu1016@gmail.com

------------------------------------

BBox-Label-Tool
===============

A simple tool for labeling object bounding boxes in images, implemented with Python Tkinter.

Data Organization
-----------------
LabelTool  
|  
|--main.py   *# source code for the tool*  
|  
|--Images/   *# direcotry containing the images to be labeled*  
|  
|--Labels/   *# direcotry for the labeling results*  
|  
|--Examples/  *# direcotry for the example bboxes*  

Dependency
----------
python 2.7 win 32bit
PIL-1.1.7.win32-py2.7

Startup
-------
$ python main.py

Usage
-----
1. Input a number (e.g, 1, 2, 5...), and click 'Load'. The images along with a few example results will be loaded.
2. To create a new bounding box, left-click to select the first vertex. Moving the mouse to draw a rectangle, and left-click again to select the second vertex.
  - To cancel the bounding box while drawing, just press <Esc>.
  - To delete a existing bounding box, select it from the listbox, and click 'Delete'.
  - To delete all existing bounding boxes in the image, simply click 'ClearAll'.
3. After finishing one image, click 'Next' to advance. Likewise, click 'Prev' to reverse. Or, input the index and click 'Go' to navigate to an arbitrary image.
  - The labeling result will be saved if and only if the 'Next' button is clicked.
